---
layout: single
title: "Stop killing us (re Charlie Kirk)"
date: 2025-09-15
---

Charlie Kirk was killed five days ago. This assassination has caused an irreversible shift in my worldview and I am still close to the angriest that I have ever been in my life. Charlie was the absolute worst person this could’ve happened to. He was a harmless moderate who I mainly remember from seven-year-old memes. He advocated for basic Christian values. He aimed to be one of the least divisive people on the right, and was by far the most tolerant and respectful out of all of our brethren. Our enemies can’t even find an example of him ever losing his cool or saying something unduly offensive; they are blatantly making shit up. Our enemies call for the extinction of our religion, the grooming of our children, and they openly hate most of us for being White. All three of those are mainstream beliefs; the AVERAGE democrat believes that a child being transgender is more appropriate than their teacher praying in front of them, and they believe that saying “it’s ok to be white” is worse than burning down a city. When faced with people who believe these heinous things ON AVERAGE, Charlie did absolutely nothing except debate their ideas and help create political strategies to reduce their power. For that, they murdered him. He would have been completely justified in lashing out at these people and advocating for their total removal from society. But he didn’t do that. He just wanted them to change their minds. They killed him anyway and now they’re lying that he DID do that, as if it would’ve made him the bad guy.

I am farther to the right than Charlie. Well, we basically agree on everything, but I consider myself farther right because I think that some slightly-more aggressive solutions are needed. I agree with every single thing he ever said that got him killed, and I’m not ashamed of that. I think transgenderism is wrong and evil. I don’t think Whites should be second-class citizens (Charlie was a little late to the party on this one, btw). I believe Jesus Christ is the one true God, based on historical evidence, reasoning, faith, and personal experience. There is nothing wrong with holding these beliefs; in fact, all of them are pretty objectively correct. It’s ok to not be a Christian – not everyone can conjure the faith, and it’s pointless and wrong to try to forcefully convert people – but it’s very strange to ridicule us when all the evidence is on our side. I can understand a more sympathetic view towards transgenders, but their group interests are indefensible. I’m not even going to elaborate about why racism against White people is bad. Unfortunately, half of the country either believes that I should be killed for believing these things, or would say something like “not even HE deserved that…” if I were killed. 

Well, I’m just going to be the bigger person about that, right? I’m sure trying to be. But I’m angry, and I have every right to be. You are trying to kill me, or you have given each other consent to kill me, and if we ever decide to defend ourselves by killing you instead, that’s your fault. It will be unfortunate, because everyone deserves to live long enough to see the grace of God. But it will not be our fault. We are way stronger and smarter than you, God is on our side, and we outnumber you, so to anyone reading this who said ANYTHING bad about Kirk after he died: tone the fucking temperature down, for your own sake if nothing else. You’re the ones who deserve the backhanded comments about your humanity, because your own beliefs are more heinous than Charlie’s. You don’t want anyone to say those things about you when you die, and the best way to stay alive is to stop acting like you’re at war with us. You don’t want to be at war with us. If you were to keep the standard of “we can kill people who disagree with our lifestyles and then celebrate their deaths,” or even the motte-bailey standard of “we can misinterpret/lie about what people believe and then act callous about it when they die,” none of you would be alive by next week. You’re only alive because we’re NOT trying to kill you; we only want you to change your ways, and you’re killing us for it. Or giving other people consent to kill us – there’s really no fucking difference.

But with all that being said, as I’ve made clear on this blog, the main ideological focus of my life is something tangential or entirely unrelated to this whole situation. I simply want to destroy the modern hallucination of “autism” and restore a belief in human agency and normal personality archetypes. That could have easily been a bipartisan goal. I mean, really, it still can be. I don’t have any conspiracy theory about why the left would be inclined to support the myth of autism if it came under attack. The myth doesn’t benefit anyone except for the people who directly profit from it. Those people are overwhelmingly left-wing, but honestly, I think they’re more of a burden to the left than anything. The “science” of autism is an embarrassing blot on the entirety of science, and science is very important for the left because it needs to replace religion. If the Bible had a “Book of Psychopathology” containing a chapter about “Autism,” it would be more incongruent with our reality than out-of-context OT verses and even the most fervent apologists would conclude that God is schizophrenic. There are many autistic people who will defend the label because they’ve become dependent on it, but there’s no reason we can’t appease them by just splitting the label into smaller labels with a much higher standard for diagnosis (naturally, these people are already diagnosed, so they would keep their gibs). But now I know that no matter how many compromises I make, the demon-aligned half of the country will oppose my ideas for one reason: the initial push against the myth will probably come from the right, or “scientists” will just blatantly pretend that it did, even if it didn’t. Fuck, we could get a guy with a trans boyfriend to start pushing it, and the media would still call him a groyper! Then every Democrat in the country would be forced to pretend that autism is a useful label, because a right-winger can never ever be right about anything. More like wrong-wingers.

Now, let’s recap everything that has happened since Trump was re-elected. Austin Metcalf was murdered because he allegedly creased a Black kid’s shoes or some fucking nonsense, and because he was White, people raised hundreds of thousands of dollars for his (already affluent) murderer.  We found out that California is giving CDLs to illegal immigrants who can’t speak English, and one of them killed three people by making a U-turn on a highway. Over a million Indians came out in what I believe was an attempt to show support, but none of the comments on the petition were coherent so I can only speculate. Elon Musk – more on him later – spent like an entire week spamming my feed with news about a British police cover-up to protect Pakistani rape gangs. I’m counting this one as an American incident because I and millions of other Americans were traumatized by it. The British police were last seen arresting a teenager for scaring off a suspected rapist. Afterwards, we got a moment of levity when Raja Jackson almost beat a wrestler to death for no reason. He still has not been arrested; we have our best people working on figuring out why. I went to grab a soda after hearing this, and when I came back, Iryna Zarutska was murdered in a blatant anti-White hate crime that was caught on video. Five people stood by and watched her die. The murderer had a gazillion priors and bla bla bla, you all heard the story. I blinked and now Charlie Kirk is dead, and apparently he deserved it for being “divisive.”

It would be impossible to divide this country more than it’s already been divided. Black and White people fucking hate each other (largely) and have since George Floyd. The animosity on both sides is getting worse. Black people assume that all of their criminals are victims of racism, White people respond by being slightly more racist, Black people see this as an attack on their lives and respond as such, ad infinitum. Black people who aren’t racist and distrustful towards White people are some of the greatest people in my life, but while I hate to say it, they are a minority in their minority (at least online, but I don’t see why the trend would be different in real life). If you won’t take my opinion about it as a White man, just ask LowTierGod. This leads directly into why Charlie is being slandered as “racist” despite never having said anything racist. White liberals will literally just listen to anything that a Black person tells them, and young Black people spend their time online in racist echo chambers where all White people are racist until proven racisn’t. If anyone who doesn’t believe that George Floyd was murdered (which there is indisputable video proof that he wasn’t) is to die, they will be called racist even if there’s a dozen Black people to vouch for them. Radicalized Black people have decided that your vibes were off, so half of the country will be callous or will celebrate your death. Meanwhile there are millions of people from the Biden administration alone who are completely unaccounted for, but you’re still expected to trust your neighbors.

Why does America even exist anymore? I’m not having a good time and I don’t know anyone who is. The liberal experiment has completely failed; people were supposed to debate each other with trust and respect, but instead we’re at each other’s throats and playing the game by its rules gets you murdered. I have no secular explanation for how a country can end up like this and still deserve its existence. I do have a religious theory, though: I think that God intended this country to run its course, and that Trump wasn’t supposed to win. History has been written as a struggle between good and evil, with good and bad times meant to give us opportunities to experience life and prove ourselves. Nations collapse so that we can survive and build new ones. Also, God is unable (or, more accurately, unwilling) to control the actions of those who reject Him. He can plan around them, and does so with ease; but people do have the power to defy God’s plans, to their own detriment. This is clearly seen throughout the Bible. You need to open your heart to be in line with God’s guidance, and He won’t just override your will if you don’t. Based on this fact, my theory as to how this happened is that we were on a set divine plan to allow for the gradual and dignified collapse of this country, and Elon Musk fucked it up by going insane when his son became a drag queen. 

Elon Musk is a Satanist, and while you could maybe postulate that God has slowly been winning him over, I don’t think this is the case. He’s still a transhumanist who’s obsessed with AI pornography. Anything he does is clearly outside of communion with God. Satan routinely tortures his own followers, because it’s hilarious; but he didn’t anticipate that Elon would respond by aligning himself with Christ out of pure spite. Once this happened, God adapted His plan as He always does by saving Trump from assassination to piggyback off of Elon’s betrayal. But either way, we’re living in a backup plan, and all the demonic backlash and violence we’ve seen the past eight months is proof of it. We are quite literally a country that has cheated death, because Satan (the most retarded entity in the history of creation) went too far in torturing Elon and sabotaged himself, and now he’s throwing a temper tantrum. This is my genuine belief, and you can disagree, but you can’t kill me for it. I wouldn’t really say that I’m confident in this theory, but it’s my best attempt as a pathetic human to explain why Satan’s backlash against our victory is so overwhelming now.

To recap: Charlie Kirk died because Satan is mad that we were winning too hard when our country was intended to collapse. Everyone on the internet right now is being filled with demonic hatred, including me. I am angry. I want to lash out and attack everyone whom I hear disrespecting Charlie, because I know they would do the same to me. Others have totally lost their intuition and are slandering a martyr of God based on rumors they heard. Millions of people are openly supporting murderers (as in, the aforementioned that weren’t even political, just random acts of violence) because they can’t cope with a world where Trump is president. I really think that we, as Christians, should’ve escaped by now and started a new country with a Constitution that’s fit for the tribalism of the internet age. But, for some reason, our country survived and now we have to defend it from people who want to slaughter us down to the last man. I don’t know what to do, but I do know that God is infinitely smarter than me. If He saw it fit to reinforce our country and to lead it into this tragedy, so be it. I’m going to try my hardest not to give in to this anger. I want my son and his descendants to see that even when our total extermination is threatened, we should keep our faith. We can’t let the vulnerable around us die before their time, but we also can’t go on the offensive against those who would hurt them. The reason why we can’t do that is that there’s still a chance, however remote, that God will redeem them. So that’s the mindset we’re in now. You killed one of our heroes, and our faith is the only thing preventing us from avenging him. You believe that we should die for our beliefs, but our beliefs are that there’s hope for you to live despite yours. Do not attempt to make a fool out of God. We don’t want to hurt you, but you really need to stop killing us.
